com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/MyLogoutDialogBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.MyLogoutDialogBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/HomeStylePicksItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.HomeStylePicksItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentProdSizeBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentProdSizeBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityBuyNowBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityBuyNowBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivitiyCheckoutBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivitiyCheckoutBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentProdAddWishlistBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentProdAddWishlistBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ShopRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ShopRecyclerItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityTestBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityTestBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityShopProductBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityShopProductBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentStyleBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentStyleBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ProdInfoRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ProdInfoRecyclerItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ProdSizeRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ProdSizeRecyclerItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityAddAddressBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityAddAddressBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivityBuyCheckBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivityBuyCheckBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/DialogLoadingBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.DialogLoadingBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentShopBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentShopBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ShopProductViewpagerBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ShopProductViewpagerBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ShopRecyclerCatItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ShopRecyclerCatItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentMyPageBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentMyPageBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/HomeViewpagerBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.HomeViewpagerBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ProdRecRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ProdRecRecyclerItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.BuildConfig
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ProdAddWishlistRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ProdAddWishlistRecyclerItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/ProdSalesRecyclerItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.ProdSalesRecyclerItemBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/FragmentWatchBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.FragmentWatchBinding
com/example/kream/kotlin/databinding/HomeJustDroppedItemBinding.java
 com.example.kream.kotlin.databinding.HomeJustDroppedItemBinding
